oh yeah she went crazy over the the
kiddie pool yes yeah yeah so what she
was so happy for like 30 minutes solid
she was just like jumping up and down
like that was that was that was more
than 30 minutes it was more yeah she was
jumping up and down and singing I bought
an inflatable kiddie pool and inflated
it and we filled up with water in the
backyard we rented a temporary apartment
through Airbnb which was great she's
just so happy like like like other kids
on the beach like that's writing so much
no I have to say this she's not only
she's the happiest kid I've ever
interacted with in any form and you had
the Contras because there were other
kids around long time we would go to the
park we go to the beach we went to the
beach almost every day not absolutely
every day but we went swimming in the
ocean almost every day with her and that
you know there were no other kids
remotely as happy and I think like other
parents at the beach might just think
our dog like my daughter was happy for a
couple minutes like you know if you just
see a kid for a couple minutes in she's
act like okay that's that no it was like
12 hours solid she would be that happy
and you know we switched from different
activities I mean some activities you're
just lying down on the bed well we did
play video games with her you know or
we're sitting and watching TV sometimes
she's literally jumping up and down
while on a trampoline she liked
trampolines a lot went out to use the
trampoline pretty often yeah well we're
jumping up and down on the bed or but
you know where she's happy and singing
and while we were walking I carried her
on my on my neck pretty much everywhere
so you know she'd be singing and making
up song
yeah this looks like one I ate a long
time ago
[Music]
I couldn't yet waterfall
when you first saw the waterfall you
asked if it was made of apple juice
every time that we every time that she
was dropped off with us she asked if we
had another present for her we got her a
ton of these Peppa Pig toys but this
drawing which you know is impossible to
interpret she absolutely insisted this
was only a couple days after we got
there we had a couple great days
together over there a couple good days
and she insisted that this depicts a
broken heart so and she was so
passionate of the time she made this
that she you know insisted that her
grandmother write the interpretation on
it in in pencil so that's her
grandmother's handwriting program of the
roads okay
sasha is thinking about seeing eyes'll
and melissa again soon sasha is not my
daughter's name but for some reason my
ex-wife first my daughter as Sasha I
don't know I I mean I have my own
nicknames for her but they're related to
her actual name anyway we're not we're
not Russia so yeah I mean obviously you
can't it's it the picture itself is
impossible to interpret otherwise but
that was anyway and my daughter you know
presented that to us and explained to us
that it's had this emotional
significance that you know she was
really crying because I somebody I
assume her grandmother sat down and
explained to her that we were only there
for a few days and then would be we'd be
going back to China
yeah right right right so this was
originally interpreted to me as
depicting the airplane that was going to
take us away and so I think it's looking
at the front like I think that's like
the nosecone of the airplane and the
front really you know the airplane is
flying straight towards you I'm against
this four-year-old quality
you know it's not exactly a blueprint
but yeah
that was sure that was oh sure sure sure
sure sure no I'm not I'm not complaining
about the artistic merit of it but did
she she sat down with me and she gave
she actually gave a much more complex
interpretation of it did she ever talk
to you about the picture she gave me a
really complex philosophical
interpretation of the picture yeah what
you can well you know like I mean when
we talk to her sometimes when she's
tired like we just now we're talking to
what she was pretty tired but you know
when she's when she's sharp she could
says some really complex stuff for a
four-year-old I mean it's really
important so she's not like that all the
time but I you know I said to our
repeated the interpretation over here I
said oh so this this is showing the
airplane and she was like no it's not
showing the airplane like the point is
and she like laid out this participant
it was like whoa okay no no but she had
a like a much more sophisticated
impression of that but yeah this one I
was told was simply a broken heart I
don't that's a broken heart inside a
house that's what it looks like means
there's a roof and for anyway yes so
there was a lot of there was a lot of
emotional content to that stuff I mean
you know what we're not saying here I
mean 98% of the time was play and she
really enjoyed playing with us and I
mean we already posted image of the
cakes we baked two cakes with her we
went to the beach when swimming in the
ocean we had all these different
dimensions yeah and you know I mean day
in day out it was a long sequence of her
playing with new toys and playing with
us and talking and you know sometimes
watching TV together watching mr. Rogers
watching watching Peppa Pig
and you know this kind of thing but no I
mean you know I just say I don't want to
misrepresent it as if the whole the
whole thing was a set of profound
reflections on her identity and
separation anxiety or something but yeah
that was that was part of the
the tragicomedy of the situation